Introduction and enhancement of the data validation section (#310)
kuzzleio/documentation: src/sdk/js/6/controllers/auth/login/index.md

Authenticates a user.

> If this action is successful, then the [jwt]({{ site_base_path }}sdk-reference/js/6/kuzzle/properties) property of this class instance is set to the new authentication token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this action is successful, then the [jwt](/sdk/js/6/core-classes/kuzzle/properties) property of this class instance is set to the new authentication token.
```

> All further requests emitted by this SDK instance will be on behalf of the authenticated user, until either the authenticated token expires, the [logout]({{ site_base_path }}sdk-reference/js/6/auth/logout) action is called, or the `jwt` property is manually set to another value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All further requests emitted by this SDK instance will be on behalf of the authenticated user, until either the authenticated token expires, the [logout](/sdk/js/6/controllers/auth/logout) action is called, or the `jwt` property is manually set to another value.
```
